wondering about the status of your
health insurance claim
with icici lombard your claim status is
just a few taps away
there are three simple ways to check
your cashless or reimbursement claim
status effortlessly
the first and the most convenient option
is to check your claim status through
our il take care app
simply tap on claims
select the policy number
tap on track your claim
and choose your claim number the il
daycare app will then display your claim
status download the app now to check
your claim status another method to
check your claim status is through
whatsapp via the number shown on screen
our responsive intelligent assistant ria
will assist you as you follow the guided
flow to view the real-time status of
your claim
[Music]
you also have the option to view your
claim status on our website
select claims click on health claims
from the drop down menu enter your claim
number or policy details to view the
status of your claim
visit our website now
[Music]
you may see one of these four statuses
while checking the progress of your
claim through either one of these
methods
[Music]
if your claim status is under process
it means your claim is under assessment
your claim request will just take 8 days
from the date of receipt of complete
documents
[Music]
if the status of your claim shows
approved
it means your claim has been approved
and your approved amount will be paid
within two days
if the status of your claim shows
queried it means you need to submit some
more information or documents
simply respond to the query and share
the missing documents and information
[Music]
[Applause]
if the claim is not in line with the
policy terms and conditions your claim
status shows rejected you may visit our
il daycare app to check the reason for
rejection a letter detailing the reasons
will be sent to your registered email id
with icici lumbar checking your claim
status is fast and convenient
[Music]